You wake up to find yourself in a carriage taking you somewhere. It's a dark desolate day and you're surrounded by trees
 and green fields. There are two other passengers riding along with you. A man, with white hair and brown, dirty clothes
 turns to you and says "Hey, you're finally awake".

Your hands are bound, and you wear a tattered and desolate cloth.
"God dammnit. I'm in Skyrim, aren't I?"
The stranger raises a confused eye brow, baffled by the phrase. His features are unmistakeable. A Nord if you ever saw
one. "F%@# this" you cry hurling yourself from the cart, landing upon the rocky ground with a hard thud, and a snap.

You awake again on a large flat plane. Bright lights shine all about you, blinding you from the world beyond. All at
once, the lights go off. As you begin to stand up, you hear footsteps approach. A deafening sound comes over you,
and the lights come back on to reveal the source of the commotion. You see his face, and instintivly recoil.
It's him.
Todd Howard.

He smiles, walking approach you. You are very scared, keeping asking yourself,
"Why am I here? I supposed to be at a carriage! Why Todd Howard is here? Why is he laughing at me? What he wants to do?"
The more Todd approach you, the more you feel scared, you think that Todd will hurt you. Todd stops at the front of you.
"What do you want? I can give you anything! Just please don't hurt me!" you yelled.
However, just like magic, Todd waves his hand, and a PS4 appears in front of you. Then Todd sits beside you and said
"Which game you want to play? Fallout or The Elder Scrolls?"

Still midly confused and fearing for your life, you finally say, "The Elder Scrolls?".
"Good choice", he says with a cryptic smile. He hands you a controller and you get transported back to the carriage. 
You then play through the rest of the game with him as your companion, although it feels like its never gonna end.
Eventually you don't remember your time before waking up in that cart.
You play your role as the dragonborn for the rest of time, defeating countless monsters and ravaging the world.

The end.
